Projektrealisierung Download-Bericht

Original Text
U.S. actor Kevin Spacey has been acquitted of charges of sexually assaulting several men in
the London criminal trial. After more than twelve hours of deliberations, the jury found Spacey
not guilty on all charges, the jury announced. KEVIN SPACEY: More on Me Too MeToo
- The most important thing from Z+: Kevin Spacey, the accused MeToo: Harvey's Shame Abuse
in the film industry: Better to shut up Spacey, who turned 64 this Wednesday, thanked
the jury after the verdict was announced. He now has to process what happened, the
actor said, but is enormously grateful to the jury for taking the time to carefully
consider all the evidence before coming to a decision. "And I'm humbled by the outcome
today," he said. Had Spacey been found guilty, he would have faced jail time. Prosecutors
had accused the two-time Oscar winner of twelve counts of sexual assault, some of them
serious, against four men. The accusations range from harassment to coercion for sexual intercourse. In
several cases, Spacey allegedly grabbed the men's crotches, and in one case oral sex was
involved. The assaults allegedly occurred between 2001 and 2013 in London and the county of
Gloucestershire. Spacey was artistic director at London's renowned Old Vic theater from 2004 to 2015.
Prosecution called Spacey a "sexual bully" In the trial at Southwark Crown Court, which lasted
about four weeks, the prosecution had called the Oscar winner a "sexual bully" who exploited
his power. Spacey denied the allegations, or stated that it had been consensual sex. The
twelve jurors found him not guilty on all charges on Wednesday after three days of
deliberations. Newsletter What we read - The ZEIT Literary Newsletter In the free newsletter, ZEIT
journalists, actors, politicians and other readers talk about the books that are currently inspiring them.
Subscribe now! Your e-mail address REGISTER By registering, you acknowledge the privacy policy. The previously
successful actor's career was abruptly interrupted by allegations raised in the wake of the #MeToo
debate. Netflix ended its collaboration on House of Cards and sued Spacey for damages after
complaints about him surfaced from on-set employees. The Old Vic theater also distanced itself. Scenes
featuring Spacey in the thriller All The Money in the World were subsequently removed. Even
before the trial began in London, Spacey had expressed the hope that he would be
able to resume his successes if acquitted.

Text Zusammenfassung
U.S. actor Kevin Spacey has been acquitted of charges of sexually assaulting several men in
the London criminal trial. After more than twelve hours of deliberations, the jury found Spacey
not guilty on all charges, the jury announced. He now has to process what happened,
the actor said, but is enormously grateful to the jury for taking the time to
carefully consider all the evidence before coming to a decision. " The accusations range from
harassment to coercion for sexual intercourse. The assaults allegedly occurred between 2001 and 2013 in
London and the county of Gloucestershire. Prosecution called Spacey a "sexual bully" In the trial
at Southwark Crown Court, which lasted about four weeks, the prosecution had called the Oscar
winner a "sexual bully" who exploited his power. Spacey denied the allegations, or stated that
it had been consensual sex. Your e-mail address REGISTER By registering, you acknowledge the privacy
policy. The Old Vic theater also distanced itself.

Text Klassifizierung
Der Text ist aus der Kategorie LABEL_1.

Text Sentiment
Mit einer Wahrscheinlichkeit von 99.85% sagt das Modell voraus, dass dieser Text POSITIVE ist.